[THEME MUSIC]
>>Hello, and welcome to the
fourth episode of the Ubuntu
Contributionism workshop,
with our amazing studio
guests that came a long
way to participate in this.
And thank you very much,
again, for being here,
and sharing as far as Alaska
and all over the United States,
and some locals.
So we continue this
journey of discovery
and sharing some of the dark
and depressing history, which
leads us to the
enlightening solutions.
So I'd like to just remind
you, don't get too depressed
about this.
Remember, I brought
this up earlier.
Some of this information can
really get dark and depressing.
But don't see it like that.
See it as enlightening
information that gives us
the platform from
which we can launch
this whole new alternative
system for the world.
So let's pick up where we left
off in the previous episode
to remind ourselves
about this global banking
industry, the fact
that it's really
a legalized crime syndicate
that operates above the low.
And one of the best examples,
how they operate above the law,
is little tests.
And this is what I discovered.
If you remember, the Cyprus
financial crisis in 2013,
when they closed all
the banks in Cyprus,
kept everybody's money,
and got away with it.
Unbelievable.
I've just recently had my bank
account closed, as I mentioned,
and they just kept
all the money.
I'm still trying to figure
out what to do about that.
But in Cyprus, it
was a lot worse.
They shut down all the
banks, all the bank accounts,
kept everybody's money.
I have a friend in
Cape Town whose friend
had 11 million pounds in
his Cyprus bank account.
He woke up, he had zilch.
Now this just shows you how
these bankers-- banksters,
because that's really what they
are-- operate above the law.
They stole everybody's money,
raided people's bank accounts.
No repercussions, no criminal
charges, no investigations,
no one ever saw the inside
of a courtroom or inside
of a jailhouse.
They simply got away with it.
And I suspect that
was just a test.
It was to see what would
happen if they did this.
What would the people do?
And they discovered that
the people did nothing.
They jumped up and
down, they got angry,
they protested, and in
the end, they did nothing.
Because ultimately, there's
very little we can do
against this kind of control.
It is an absolute control, as
we've already gone through.
It has infiltrated every crack
and crevice of our existence,
of our lives.
There's so little
resistance that we can pose,
because every door
is shut down to us.
You can't take it to court, you
can't take it to your mayor.
You can't-- there's
very little we can do.
So let's move on.
And just a bit of
lighthearted relief
to tell us how
ridiculous the system is,
we just create worthless
electronic money out
of nothing.
Then we lend it out and
charge interest on it.
Then we make them give us
their houses and real wealth
when they can't pay it back.
That's exactly what happens.
So to remind ourselves
that the money controls
the legal system, the
courts and the judges,
and how this impact on
us is quite spectacular.
Because every week, every
month, every year, new laws
are made by our governments.
And we don't necessarily
agree with these laws.
They don't come to us and
ask us, is it OK with you
that we implement these
new laws and these new acts
and these new bills?
No.
They just pass them.
Before we know it, there are
all these new regulations.
And suddenly, you're in
trouble because you didn't
know about this regulation.
Isn't this all ass about face?
I mean, aren't we supposed to
be the people that are telling
our servants what to do?
And the politicians are
opposed to be our servants.
And this is where
you realize that it's
completely out of control.
The politicians have
taken us all hostage.
The governments have taken
us hostage, those in control.
And they've turned
us into their slaves.
In South Africa, they use
the Government Gazette
to publish the new laws.
Nobody reads the
Government Gazette.
I'm not sure where they
publish these laws and bills
in the USA, but every country's
got their own legal publication
where they publish these things.
And then if you don't
protest against it,
if you don't raise
any objection,
then suddenly it goes
into law, and that's it.
And this is how they
get away with it.
So our laws protect
the corporations.
They do not serve the people.
We've discussed this already.
Corporations have more
rights than living, breathing
human beings.
So what we realize is that we
need a whole new legal system
written by the people, for the
people, that serves the people.
And this is where
we're moving away
from the corporate structures,
the centralized government
structures, bringing back the
control into our communities
where people govern themselves
in their own communities.
Because that's where
our lives happen.
They happen in our communities.
They don't happen at Capitol
Hill or in Washington.
They happen in our communities.
And that's where
we should control
our lives and our own
day-to-day activities.
Not in some ivory tower that
you cannot reach for permission
if you can plant daisies in
your front garden, right?
Because that's how
silly things get.
You know, some places,
apparently, you
can't capture rainwater.
It's now illegal to
capture rainwater.
You can't grow your own food.
You can't grow food on the
sidewalks and pavement.
What?
So we can't grow our
own food, so they're
forcing us to buy
food from corporations
and centralized places that
provide us with poisoned food
and GMO food?
This is how crazy it's becoming.
The more you look at the
restrictions and the control,
the more insane it becomes.
And you realize that it's
almost reached the stage
of being absolute control.
Well, we have so little
maneuvering room,
if we don't do
something about it now,
it's going to be very
difficult to do something
about it tomorrow.
So the good thing is we're
doing something about it.
We're here right now,
putting this energy
into the morphogenetic field,
affecting the fabric of reality
and everywhere by simply talking
about it and thinking about it.
So I'd like to remind you,
the one thing that most of us
have forgotten, and we
keep reminding everyone,
with especially the Ubuntu
party on the political front
that we have appointed our
leaders to be our servants, not
to be our slave masters.
To do the best for
us, the people.
To serve the people.
But unfortunately,
this has not happened.
The government is not
serving the people.
They never have, for as
long as we can go back.
They're serving themselves
and the corporations
that fund the government.
They've turned the
people into their slaves.
The government and
the large corporations
have simply stolen the
country from its people.
Most of us are told that the
country belongs to the people.
The country belongs
to its people.
Well, that's another lie.
There's no evidence
of that anywhere.
There's nothing we can do.
We can't do this, can't do that.
The land doesn't
even belong to us.
If you don't pay
your rates in taxes,
the land gets taken
away from you.
What kind of nonsense is that?
Right?
You see the absolute control,
how it's been imposed on us.
So the country has been
stolen from its people,
and corporations
own our countries.
Like we said, they have more
rights than any single living,
breathing human being.
Remember that our
countries are corporations,
and this is a big
shock to the system.
Everything has
being incorporated.
Our constitutions are not
written for the people.
They're written for
the corporations
known as our countries.
One of the best
examples of this is
you get this on the US
Securities and Exchange.
And here's an example that
shows various large corporations
like Anglo American
and Larson Brothers,
Lehman Brothers, and then the
government of the Republic
of South Africa, and then the
Republic of South Africa being
registered as a corporation.
I'm just showing you
this as an example.
You can go and do this
search for yourself,
go into the Securities
Exchange, and you
can find all the governments and
all the countries of the world
registered as corporations.
All countries, all states,
all provinces, all counties,
all cities, all prisons.
Everything has
been incorporated.
Our roads have been sold
to private corporations.
Haven't you noticed more toll
gates popping up everywhere
suddenly on roads that we were
driving on freely 10 years ago,
20 years ago?
All the roads were free
for us to drive on.
Suddenly, you can't drive anyway
without paying toll road taxes,
or having easy passes
in the United States
to be able to drive
on the highways.
It's insane.
But luckily, there
are great examples
how this can also unite people.
In Johannesburg,
for example, we've
got this easy pass system
that they've imposed on us.
They spent billions
of rands that we
have to pay for to implement
these toll gates everywhere,
these electronic toll gates.
But the people have just
completely rejected this.
They have not subscribed to it.
They did not register.
And everywhere you drive,
it says, register and pay
toll fees.
So it's telling you that if
you register, you have to pay.
If you don't register,
you don't have to pay,
because it's a
private corporation.
Remember, the toll
gate companies
are private corporations.
And companies, act
in corporate law,
cannot hold you responsible
unless you have a contract.
So these are all the
things that we learned.
So I know that in Johannesburg,
in the greater Johannesburg
area where they've imposed
this unlawful taxation
on the people, I think
they've got less than 5%
of people that are
actually signed up for it.
The rest of the people
are simply ignoring it.
And that's the beginning of
a revolution of consciousness
saying, sorry.
We've had enough.
We're not going to put
up with this anymore.
So just to give you some
more examples of countries
and states and provinces
registered as corporations,
a quick look here.
In Jamaica, Hungary,
Israel, Italy,
the government of
Jamaica, Japan.
It goes on.
Korea.
Oh, that's Korea
Development Bank.
Province of Ontario, Republic
of Panama, Republic of Peru,
Province of British
Columbia, and so it goes.
It doesn't stop.
These are just a few examples.
And then more examples here
of how cities in South Africa,
for example, here's
the city of Cape Town,
registered on the Dun
& Bradstreet registry
that registers and gives these
Dun numbers to these companies
and corporations.
The city of Cape
Town also traded
as Cape Town municipality.
Traded.
Means these are traded on the
stock exchanges, all right?
Just like our birth
certificates, remember?
All of this.
Every time a baby is born, it
gets issued with a certificate.
Well, what is a certificate?
It means there's a
component of ownership.
Somebody owns you if
you have a certificate.
That certificate is
owned by somebody,
and it's owned by
our governments,
and our governments use these
certificates to trade on stock
markets around the world.
And this is all
sinister kind of stuff
that boggles people's minds
when they discover this, right?
So this is why every couple of
years, we have a census, right?
Countries have a census to
determine how many people live
in the country.
And then they tell
us it's to know
how much services to provide.
And it's got nothing
to do with services.
It's to know how
many people there
are, to know how much stock they
have to trade with on the stock
markets or the world.
[LAUGH]
That's all it is.
Lies and deception
around every corner.
And this is these Dun numbers
for the USA government
corporations, Dun &
Bradstreet registrations.
I have more of these
in the Ubuntu book
that you can look at.
But you can go do your
own research on this.
It's quite an interesting thing.
You can get quite hooked
on this when you start
realizing what's going on.
And one of the critical
things that you find
is that our constitutions are
not written for the people.
They're written for
the corporations.
And the South
African constitution
is a really great
example, because it's
a relatively new
constitution, written in 1996
after our first sort
of free elections
after Nelson Mandela's release
and that whole deception, once
again, that was created where
the old one regime was replaced
by another regime.
And very few people realize that
when Nelson Mandela actually
came into power, that's when
the country was completely
lock, stock, and barrel,
sold to the Rothschilds.
But that's not a popular
thing to say, all right?
So this is a very
important realization.
Our constitution is
a beautiful example
of how they use
words to deceive us.
For example, South
Africa as a country
is a land mass at the
southern tip of Africa.
That's where people live in
South Africa, on the land.
The Republic of South
Africa has got nothing
to do with the land
of South Africa.
It is a corporation called The
Republic of South Africa that
has imposed itself on the
people of South Africa,
and just taken control.
So when we read,
it's the constitution
of the Republic of South Africa.
It tells us.
It is not the constitution
of a land and its people.
It's the constitution
of a corporation called
the Republic of South Africa.
I've just showed
you the evidence
that the Republic
of South Africa
is registered as a corporation.
So here it is the constitution
of the corporation.
And then in the preamble,
the first paragraph,
they tell us once again, using
words, deception and words.
They say, they first hook us
in with the emotional preamble,
yeah, yeah.
You know, the blood and all
the suffering, and so forth.
And that hooks people
in emotionally.
And then they unleash
the lies upon us.
So "we, the people
of South Africa,
recognize the
injustice of our past.
We honor those who suffered
for justice and freedom
in our land; respect
those who have worked
to build and develop
bought country;
and believe that South Africa
belongs to all who live in it."
We believe, we think that
the country, the land
belongs to those who live in it.
We don't know that it
does, because it doesn't.
OK?
Therein lies the deception.
It's unbelievable.
In the first three
or four lines,
they actually tell us the lie.
They expose the lie to us.
And then they carry on.
Then they keep mixing the
two words, South Africa
and the Republic
of South Africa.
And people read it thinking
that it's the same thing,
but it's not the same thing.
And this applies to every
country of the world.
It's the land and
the corporation
that's imposed itself on
the land and its people.
So in 2013, based on this, the
Ubuntu party and myself-- well,
me-- issued an official
document to the president
of South Africa,
and we delivered it
as a lawful document
through the state attorney.
And we demanded a
response in 21 days.
Well, obviously, we
didn't get a response.
But at least we've
set a precedent here,
and we've launched
something into reality.
And we asked a number of
questions based on the fact
that this corporation called
The Republic of South Africa
is in existence.
So the questions
were, who authorized
that the Republic
of South Africa
was to be registered
as such and why?
I think it's a fair question.
Exactly.
Who is the CEO of
this corporation?
Because corporations have
CEOs and presidents, right?
Who is the accounting officer,
and what financial statements
does this accounting
officer produce?
What are the assets
of this corporation?
Well, you already know
what the assets are.
Are these assets traded
by this corporation?
If so, how and where
are they traded?
And who is accountable
for trading these assets?
Who all the shareholders of the
corporation, and how are they
appointed?
What is the relationship
of the people
of South Africa to
this corporation
called The Republic
of South Africa?
Is there any agreement
between the people
and/or citizens of South
Africa and the Republic
of South Africa?
And if so, where are
those agreements,
and when were they entered into?
Do the people of South
Africa have any obligation
to this corporation?
And if so, do they
have the right
to renounce such obligation?
And herein, we start to
raise the understanding
and the concept of our
sovereignty, of the fact
that we are sovereign
beings living on this land,
and this corporation has
imposed its rights on us.
And that we have
a right to say, I
don't want to have anything to
do with this corporation called
the Republic of South Africa.
I never subscribed to
it, and therefore, you
don't have any rights or
can't impose your laws on me.
If you don't work for
McDonald's, McDonald's has
no right to impose their
laws on you, right?
So if you don't work
or choose to work
for the corporation called
the Republic of South
Africa or any other
United States corporation,
they can't impose
their laws on you.
And this is the
sovereign movement
in the world that started
to make a lot of noise.
But unfortunately, I think we're
barking against the wind here,
or it's something that
takes a lot of effort
and an energy to try
and impose that will.
There's a much easier
way out of this,
just creating a new alternative.
Don't oppose the system.
This is opposing the system,
trying to push it back and get
your own back against it.
We don't need to do that.
We're just going to
bypass it elegantly
with very little effort.
And you'll see how
we're going to do that.
And then the questions continue.
And the next point
was, since our bill
of rights and our constitution,
as well as the United Nations
Declaration of Human
Rights strictly forbids
any form of slavery
or forced servitude,
what rights do the people
who live in the land referred
to as South Africa
have to cut all
their ties and
any responsibility
to this corporation that they
did not know even existed?
And this is really critical
information about our ability
to become sovereign
beings and break away
from this enslavement posed
on us by a corporation
that we didn't subscribe to.
We didn't sign an agreement
with any of these corporations,
no matter what
country you live in.
And then finally, what
is the relationship
between this corporation called
the Republic of South Africa
and the government of the
Republic of South Africa?
As you saw on those
registration of corporations,
the government is a
separate corporation.
So it's incredible.
It's just this whole huge global
hierarchical corporate Ponzi
scheme that is being created
to benefit the banking
cartels and the banking
empire that controls
all these corporations.
So now you start to get an
idea of how and why this
was brought into existence.
And this is where
we start seeing
the connection between
what Thomas Jefferson had
to say about the private banks
versus the people's banks
or the state banks.
So what's the difference?
And some of the references
already earlier as well
as to what Germany
was doing, that they
were creating their own wealth.
And the attack on
the United States
when they didn't want to
capitulate on the private bank,
and they would become a
nation rich and independent.
So you realize that that's
exactly-- that's the fear.
If a country decides to shut
down the central private bank,
it becomes prosperous.
They actually tell us
in those news reports
that the country will become
prosperous beyond belief.
And all the smart
people in the world
will all go to this country,
because it'll be prosperous.
It won't be under the control
of the private central banks.
And that's exactly
what this is all about.
So what we did with the South
African elections in 2014
was we are promoting the
whole concept of shutting down
the South African Reserve
Bank, prosecuting the directors
and their shareholders for
crimes against the people,
and replacing them with a
people's bank that issues money
for the people, by
the people, tax-free,
interest-free, free of any
levees or duties or anything
like that, with no inflation,
where money is created
by the people, for the people,
by government of the people,
and that money is used and
made available to everyone
and anyone that is involved
in any kind of development,
community projects, or
building up of the country.
And that's as simple as it is.
And that's what that
money should do.
It is not the final solution.
Is not the final destination.
But it's the first
release of the pressure
and the release of the
misery of millions of people,
that suddenly, you can
move from the city--
and we spoke about
this earlier, right?
Remember, I said
that the solution
that the Ubuntu movement
and Contributionism presents
is so simple that
with immediate effect,
people can leave the cities
and get away from the slavery
that they find
themselves, being trapped
in these metropolitan areas,
having no way to escape.
Because you can't go to a
small town or a small village
expecting to get a job
there, because there
are no jobs for people there.
But the moment we
have a people's bank,
everything changes.
No matter what little
town or village
you choose to go to, if you
want to start an arts and crafts
studio, the funds will be
provided by the people's bank.
If you want to start a
horse breeding thing,
the funds will be provided
by the people's bank.
If you want to start an
engineering company that
builds bridges
for the community,
the money will be provided
by the people's bank.
The people's bank is there to
provide the means for people
to create abundance.
Because the moment you
provide the public works
and the community
projects, that brings
the expertise of the
people, and then the people
share from the profits
of those activities
that they participate in.
The people's bank is
not going to give you
a loan for $1 million so
you can go buy a Ferrari.
It's not what the
people's bank does.
It's there to provide the
means to create abundance
for the communities, from which
the people in those communities
then benefit.
So the people's implementation
of a people's bank
is an immediate solution
for the problem we have.
And the Rothschilds
have no access.
They cannot control it
unless they wage a war,
which they have in the past.
But those days are over now.
And once the people know
that we're going this,
then they're going to prevent
them from waging a war.
Remember, they've used
the army, the police,
the security forces to enforce
their laws upon the people.
So the security forces
are imposing the laws,
believing this is the
laws of the country,
not realizing it's the laws
of a corporation controlled
by the banking families.
So once this information
is shared with everybody,
and the police and the people in
the military are aware of this,
they're not going to shoot
at their mothers and fathers
and brothers and
sisters because they're
creating community projects,
and the bankers don't like that.
They're not going to
stand there and do harm
to their relatives and
their friends and neighbors.
But they first need
to be aware of this.
And right now, very few
of them are aware of it.
This is part of the
process of information,
sharing knowledge,
and getting everybody
on the same page and level
of enlightenment and unity
consciousness.
So this is why the people's
bank is such a critical step
forward.
As I said, it's not
the final destination,
but it is the first
necessary step.
And this brings us to
the education system.
Because we are all
equally poisoned
and manipulated and brainwashed
by 12 years of schooling.
When we take children away
for the most important 12
years of their life-- or most
of us do 12 years of school,
some of us do less-- and we
destroy our children's minds.
We destroy their capacity
to think for themselves.
And we create-- turn our
children into ourselves.
So we've got to recognize
that the education system is
the breeding ground
for people like us
who are ignorant of what's
really been going on,
and we've got to stop that.
We've got to change the
entire education system.
So let's first have a look at
what the education system is.
It is a spectacular tool of
manipulation, beyond what we
could have ever comprehended.
It's first of all developed and
funded by the banking families.
The current education
system is not
a system that teaches
us skills for life.
It's got nothing
to do with that.
It was crafted and manipulated
by the banking families
over the last 200 years.
It is now in its apex,
in its highest form.
They really got us
where they wanted us.
They control the
content of the textbooks
and the transfer of information.
They plan the curriculum.
If you, as a teacher, don't
teach what's in the textbook,
you get fired.
It's as simple as that.
You can't just come and teach
what you think is important
or what would you want
to teach in class.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's bad, bad teacher.
Can't do that.
You've got to teach
what's in the textbooks,
even though you know it's wrong.
Or you may know or
think it's wrong.
You've got to teach that.
What kind of education
is that, right?
What kind of
education is that when
you sit in a classroom,
regurgitating
junk from a textbook,
and you actually don't
know how to do any of that?
That's not really education.
That's not learning or teaching
our children skills for life,
right?
So it's got nothing to do with
learning skills for life that
turn our children into
critical contributors
towards their communities
with real skills.
Knowing how to bake bread or
build bridges or whatever.
None of that.
We know how to regurgitate
stuff from textbooks.
We expose our children into
stressful situations of exams
from the earliest of age.
Exams, passing or failing.
Passing or failing.
How could you fail?
You're alive.
You're a living,
breathing human being.
You've already succeeded.
How could you fail at anything?
Right?
So we get given these ideas of
failing through the education
system if you don't pass a test
And they force us
to learn things
that are completely
inconsequential,
have absolutely no
benefit to us as living,
breathing human beings.
And this is what we spend
so many years of our lives.
Our schools are
indoctrination camps
to brainwash our children,
to follow orders,
and two bow to authority.
Just look at these
photographs of these schools.
Does that look like a really
good learning environment?
They look like prisons.
And that's what most
schools have become.
Prisons for our children,
prisons for our minds.
Here's a great example
comparing schools to prisons.
It's just brilliant.
So what happens?
What does our education
system produce?
It produces young people
with certificates.
Wow, isn't that impressive?
A certificate means that there's
a component of ownership,
because somebody owns you
or has some claim to you
or your knowledge
or your abilities,
or what you can and cannot do.
People looking for jobs
with those certificates.
Jobs do what?
Jobs pay money.
So the corporations own us
through our certificates
willing to work for money.
It's just a training ground to
create a future labor force.
That's all it is, to keep
the money thing alive.
Today, our students come out
of school, and especially
out of university.
Most of the students,
first of all,
are not going to get a job.
And secondly, they're
going to spend
the rest of their
lives paying off
those debts that their parents
took out for them to go and get
this education.
And this is how they've
enslaved our young minds
for the rest of their lives.
It's spectacular how
they've structured
this enslavement system.
So the other critical thing
about the education system,
it's a perfect tool
of manipulation,
as we said already.
Destroys our ability
to think for ourselves
because of the total
brainwashing indoctrination.
But critically, it's a brilliant
place to hide knowledge.
Now how can I say this?
It's because if you as a teacher
or a professor or a lecturer
at a university
make a discovery,
or in your research groups,
you discover something,
you cannot release that
knowledge and information.
That belongs to the school
or to the university.
It is not your discovery.
And they will throw you
in jail if you do that.
And they will take
back that knowledge.
They'll recall it,
and they will hide it.
So all great discoveries.
Just very recently, I
found a music professor
at Skidmore University
or Skidmore College
here in the USA that
found a cure for cancer
with sound frequencies.
He did a TED Talk
on this in 2011.
He showed how--
on video, he shows
how the sound frequencies
between 100,000
hertz and 300,000 hertz destroy
cancer cells, blows them up
inside your body.
Nothing has happened.
That information
has been hidden.
It's gone.
You'd expect by now that the
pharmaceutical companies would
be giving us cures for
cancer, and nothing.
So he thought at that stage that
his discovery would be heralded
and he'd be praised for
what he's discovered.
As quickly as he shared that,
it was shut down and removed
from the knowledge pool.
And this is what happens
with universities
and these places of education.
They become the
bastions of dogma,
not sharing knowledge
and information.
So the main objective
of our education system
is to create a future
obedient labor force.
And now we understand
what Pink Floyd
were trying to tell
us all those years ago
when they said "we don't
need your education,
we don't need your
mind control."
And even before they told
us this from their 1972,
I think, album, "Dark
Side of the Moon,"
they already told
us about money.
It's a crime.
One of their big hits.
What I find fascinating is that
those kids, those guys of Pink
Floyd, they were
25 years old when
they wrote all that
stuff, when they
released their historic album.
25 years old when they're
writing those songs.
That kind of information, that
must be channeled information.
You can't just come up
with that at that age,
and be so profound in
sharing that information.
And once again, Hollywood
tells us what we must do.
We've got to change
the education system.
We've got to stop this
destruction of our young minds.
"You must unlearn what you
have learned," says Yoda.
[LAUGH]
Boy, does this become
relevant, doesn't it,
when you start putting
it into context?
So the whole Ubuntu philosophy
is making people realize this.
It's not just-- we can't
pussyfoot around the subject.
We have to shut it down.
My appeal to anyone, if
you live in a country
that you can still take
your children out of school,
home school your children.
Use home schooling as
the excuse if you can.
I'm even suggesting that we
take it further than that.
Home school your
children in your own way,
not in the prescribed
agenda that they give you
with home schooling.
But use the home schooling
as a way, a loophole
to pull your children
out of school
so they don't go into
those concentration camps
and destroy their minds.
So it is all about unschooling.
Complete unschooling.
You'll find when you
don't expose children
to any form of that
kind of education
that we've been exposed to,
they grew up very differently.
They think very differently.
They reason very differently.
And they become very
different adults
that are far more
balanced and integrated
into a more balanced society.
And that's what we need to do,
is create a future generation
of well-balanced people that
come out of our children today.
So take your children
out of school.
Unschool them.
Schools are for fish,
not for children.
[LAUGHTER]
Isn't that great?
It's so obvious.
And that brings us to
the needs of the people.
What do people need?
The one thing that we
don't need is money.
Because we are told all
our lives that money makes
the world go round,
or without money,
there'd be nothing, right?
It's the whole
capitalist argument.
Competition, money
drives the world.
Money makes the world go round.
And we grow up into the system.
We believe it because
it's repeated so often.
And remember that this is also
enforced by the music industry.
If you think about how the
music industry has been hijacked
by the elite, and
they're shoving down
children's throats, it's all
about money and bling and sex,
and just this complete
disgusting opulence,
and just money.
And it's just unbelievable.
So all of us are told that
money makes the world go round.
If you look at the world,
it's going around very well
on its own, right?
[LAUGHTER]
It doesn't need money
to make it go around.
So it's a very simple argument.
[LAUGHTER]
To show anybody the picture
of the planet and say, look.
There's no money to
be seen anywhere.
It's going around
just perfectly.
It's been going around
for billions of years.
We don't need money
to make it go around.
Stop promoting those lies.
So remember that money does
nothing, people do everything.
We grow the food, we plant the
seeds, we build the bridges
and develop the technology.
We are capable of infinite love.
We can create the most
beautiful works of art.
Money does nothing.
Money just gets in the way
of what we try to create.
It constantly trips us up.
It prevents us from
realizing our dreams.
achieving our goals
and living lives of abundance.
Money does not make
the world go round.
People do.
And that's what the Ubuntu
movement is all about.
It's about the people.
Many of the other movements
that are doing amazing work
are sometimes more
focused on the technology
or other kinds of solutions.
The whole Ubuntu philosophy
is about people first,
because people do everything.
And this is why
we can't prescribe
how communities should live,
or what they should be doing,
or what technology
they should be using,
because the communities
will decide themselves
what technology they
want, because they'll
have the absolute
freedom to develop
the highest form of technology.
And they can choose how
they use their technology,
but they can only
do that when they've
taken control of
their own community,
and when they're not controlled
by a central government
or some municipality
that's marching
to the beat of the
drum of the bankers.
And this is how we
take it back, and start
taking our communities
away from the control.
So remember, money does nothing.
People do everything.
The Ubuntu Contributionism
system is all about the people,
putting people first.
Everything comes after that.
I'd like to share with you a
wonderful story that really
shows how insane
the idea of money
is, in this Babylonian
magic money slavery system,
how one $100 bill or a $1
bill could actually pay off
the entire debt of the world
if we could make it go around
at infinite sort of
lightning speed, right?
It's about the
traveling salesman.
A traveling salesman
arrives in a little town.
He pulls up at the hotel.
He walks up to the hotel
manager and says, hi.
I'm here for the weekend
to a little conference,
and I'd love to just
check out your rooms.
I'm very particular about
the rooms in hotels,
so do you mind if I go
upstairs and look at your room?
And the hotel
manager says, sure.
Here's the key.
But please just
leave a deposit here.
And it's $100.
Just leave a $100
bill here and go.
Here's the key.
Take as much time as you want.
So the traveling
salesman does upstairs,
disappears into the room.
When the hotel manager
suddenly looks across the road
and sees the butcher, and it
reminds him, oh, the butcher.
$100 for the feast we had here
last week, the event we had.
So he goes across the
road and says, hey, John.
I owe you the $100
bucks for the meat
that you sent us for
the event last week.
Thanks very much.
The butcher says,
oh, thanks so much.
He takes the $100
bill and he puts it
in the till, at which
point the plumber walks in.
And the butcher says,
hey, how's it going, Bill?
Oh, by the way, here's
the $100 I owe you
for fixing the plumbing in
my freezer last weekend.
Thanks very much.
You really saved me, because
there would have really
been a big mess if you didn't
come and fix that plumbing.
And the plumber says,
oh, thank you very much.
He puts the $100 in his pocket.
He gets his meat
and he drives off.
And he drives past the garage.
He pulls in to fill
up with petrol.
When he sees the garage owner,
the garage owner says, hey,
how's it going?
By the way, have you
got that $100 bucks
for fixing your
fender last week?
And the guy says, yeah, sorry.
I forgot about that.
He pulls out $100, gives
it to the garage owner.
The garage owner says,
thanks very much.
He gets in his car,
drives down to the bottle
store to get some
booze for the weekend
when he sees Sally,
the prostitute,
walking down the street.
And he says, hey, Sally.
How's it going?
And Sally says, great.
How are you doing James?
And James says, so
what are you doing?
She says, oh, just going down
to get some stuff, you know?
And she says, by the way,
have you got the $100 bucks
you owe me for last week?
And he says, oh,
I'm sorry, I forgot.
He pulls out the $100 bucks.
He gives it to Sally.
Sally says, thanks very much.
He drives off.
Sally keeps walking
down the sidewalk when
she walks past the hotel,
when she suddenly remembers
that the owes the hotel $100
bucks for arranging the room
last week.
She walks into the hotel and
says to the hotel manager, oh,
thanks very much for letting
me have the room last week.
Here's the $100 bucks.
And puts it down on the desk
in front of the hotel manager,
and she leaves.
At which point, the
traveling salesman
comes down from
upstairs and says,
thanks very much for letting
me look at your room.
It's not really my style.
Here's your key.
Can I have my $100 back?
And the hotel
manager looks down.
He says, oh.
There's your $100.
He gives it back to
the traveling salesman,
who takes it and disappears.
What has just happened?
Magic, right?
Babylonian magic
money slavery system.
$100 bill went around,
paid everybody in town.
We could carry that story
on forever, you realize.
Everybody uses the same $100
bill to pay everybody else,
and it comes back
to the guy that
issued it in the first
place, who gets it back.
Everybody feels happy.
And nothing has
actually happened.
It's just amazing how
this thing has just
imbued itself into our
psyche and what we do,
day in and day out.
And for me, even the most
spectacular realization
is that every day, seven and
a half billion people wake up
and we do something.
We build, we transport, we
carry, we create, we invent,
we grow things, we dream,
we paint, we sculpt,
we sing, we spin,
we cook, we dance,
we do an infinite number
of things every day.
Seven and a half billion people.
And yet at the end of that day,
most of us cannot afford what
it is that we created,
or we built, or we grew,
or we painted, or we cooked.
We can't get it, because
we don't have enough money
to get it.
That is insanity.
So the fact that any
country can be in debt
to any bank or
any outside entity
is an insanity when
we are the people that
make up those
countries and we create
an infinite amount every day.
The stuff and the abundance that
we create even as it is today
is staggering, and yet
we can't get to it.
Think about the
millions and millions
of shops and stores filled with
shelves with stock and stuff
that's sitting there.
Sitting there where it could be
spread and given to the people,
shared with the people.
People made it.
People made all the stuff
that is in these shops,
and yet we can't get it.
It's sitting on the shelves,
waiting for somebody to buy,
but you first need the money.
This is the insanity.
So seven and a half
billion people every day
create this abundance for
corporations, for governments,
for municipalities.
We are not doing
it for ourselves.
And in a nutshell,
that's exactly what
we propose with the Ubuntu
movement as a solution
and a path to prosperity.
So let's stop doing it
for the governments.
Let's stop doing it
for the municipalities.
Let's stop doing what we
do for any other authority.
Let's start doing
it for ourselves.
But we can only do
this for ourselves
if we have united
communities that we
agree to do this for ourselves.
We can't do this in large,
sprawling metropolitan cities
where people live divided
and in fear of each other,
instead of living united,
respecting and supporting
each other.
That can happen in
small communities.
And this is why the Ubuntu
philosophy and plan of action
really starts in the small
towns and small communities
where you can get people
to unite and start working
together in cooperation
and collaboration
rather than in competition.
And start this very simple
180-degree turnaround
in the philosophy, to create
abundance by working together.
One of the things people say
is that it's not money itself.
It's the love of money that
causes all the problem.
Well, that is not true.
It's the pure presence of money
that causes all the problems.
It's the presence of money
that creates the love for money
and the addiction to money
and the use of money.
Without the money, there'd
be no love for money,
and we don't need money.
So that's like the
argument, often people say,
oh, money is not so bad.
Money is just energy, and it's
just a form of energy exchange.
No.
It's another lie.
Money has no energy.
It's a synthetically
created tool of enslavement.
Its primary
function, its primary
and its only reason
for existence
is to enslave humanity.
Do not make any excuses for it.
By saying that money is
just a form of energy,
we are making excuses for it.
We give it energy.
Remember, we go into a store
and we say, how much do you
charge for that?
Charge.
You charge money.
You charge something.
We give it energy.
We even use it in
the language we use,
and we don't even know this.
We don't recognize
what we're doing.
Money has no value.
It has no place in our lives.
It needs to be removed
from our reality.
It's the only way we
can change the system
and escape its effect.
So it's not the love of money.
It's the presence of money
that causes all the problems.
So what do we do?
There's only one solution.
Only one thing we can do.
And by now, you all
know what we need to do.
Remove the money.
It's very simple.
It's a very simple concept.
But the moment you say to
people, remove the money,
you can sometimes
actually see, they almost
go into a little convulsion.
And the fear sets in, right?
And I've seen this now.
Like I mentioned earlier,
since that first time
that I went in 2005, and I gave
my first presentation to 12
people at a private dinner
party in Johannesburg
to a bunch of macho people
filled with pride and ego,
suggesting that we can
remove money from the system,
and I nearly got beaten up.
You see, their eyes
start rolling back.
It's like they go
into a seizure.
And they have no idea how you
can even make such a statement.
And this is when the
13 most frequently
asked questions pop up, right?
And by reading these questions,
I'm reading your mind.
Because I know that you're
thinking what you're reading.
And this is what we're going
to discuss in the next episode.
We've come to the
end of this one.
And what I can tell you
about these questions,
right now you may be
thinking, wow, OK.
Well, how are we
going to do this?
How are we going to do that?
Right now, you may struggle
with some of these.
By the time we finish here
in the next few hours,
you will not only be able to
answer all these questions.
In fact, we're going to
laugh about how ridiculous
these questions are, because
they're actually completely
irrelevant in a
world without money,
because they come
from a completely
different kind of head space.
And we're going to be able
to answer any other question
or problem that anyone
can throw at it.
We're going to end this
workshop by coming up
with potential problems
and seeing how quickly we
can each answer those problems.
And you're going to be
amazed how easy it is
and how quickly we
solve every problem.
And remember, we dealt
with the idea earlier
that we're told all our lives
that it's not easy, you know?
It's tough to solve problems.
The solutions aren't simple.
Those are lies.
The solutions are
extremely simple.
But you first have to
remove the problem,
the root of the problem.
And the root of the
problem is money.
The moment you remove money,
the solutions become so simple,
anyone can solve the problems
instantly and immediately.
And this is what we're going
to find at the end of this--
by the end of this workshop.
So we've got a few minutes
to go through a few questions
or suggestions.
Marna.
>>Thank you, Michael.
My question is about, so
my town, Shelburne, you say
is in a corporation,
it's a corporation.
I, as a homeowner, am I subject
to that corporation then?
>>Absolutely.
The corporations
own all the land.
You get a title deed for your
land when you buy your house,
and that title deed is
actually another deception.
You're entitled to the land.
You never actually own the land.
That's why it's called a
title deed, an entitlement.
You're entitled to it, but
you never actually get it.
It remains-- it constantly
belongs to the royalty, those
that own the land.
And at this stage,
there are many people
that have written about
this, done a lot of research
about it.
And it seems to still be
in the hand-- in the hands
and the position of all
the royal bloodlines, all
the land in the world that
they've laid claim to.
So it's an entitlement thing
that we never actually receive.
This is why it's critical
for us to recognize
the direction we're
taking, this alternative--
this route removes all that
from the obligation that we're
under right now, and
brings the power back
to the people of
their communities
and the self-governance
of the communities.
But there's a process that we
need to follow to get there.
And it's not a
difficult process.
It can happen very
quickly, and it
looks like it's going
to happen very quickly
over the next few years.
>>Thank you.
>>Could you comment on the
BRICS movement and the Asian
Infrastructure Investment Bank?
>>Thanks for asking the question
about BRICS, because arguably,
it's a very powerful
part of the world.
You've got Brazil, Russia,
India, China, South Africa.
I think it's the largest
number of people in the world
actually live in
those countries.
So potentially, it
could be an alternative.
But what I find interesting is
that Russia is part of that.
And Russia is a very
interesting part
of the world where
Vladimir Putin owns
Russia Today, a major TV
network that really flies
in the face of everything we
see on the other mainstream
television networks
like CNN, BBC.
It always opposes
the views directly.
And it's very difficult
to actually figure out
what's really going on
financially and economically
in Russia today.
But Russian economy is
booming, and Russians
love their president.
You know, it's very
difficult to find
a Russian that doesn't like
what's going on their country.
They love what's going on.
They love their
president, and they're
very proud of what's going on.
So there's something
very interesting
brewing in Russia today.
And the fact that
they're part of BRICS
makes me wonder what's going on.
However, I still believe
it's a deception.
There's just more
smoke and mirrors.
And we've already covered this.
We don't need money.
We need people.
Money does nothing.
People do everything.
So we just need to realize
that anyone that comes up
with solutions of new money
supply or a new banking system
is just another deception,
and a delay preventing us
from reaching our final
destination where we live
in a world without money and
create a paradise for ourselves
without money, because we're
doing it for ourselves.
We don't need the
money to do it for us.
>>Just to kind of coattail
what you were talking about,
the powers that be, when
we lived in Arizona just
a couple years
back, the state just
decided that they owned
all the water in the state.
>>Oh, yeah.
>>If you have a
piece of property,
you have to get a
permit to drill a well.
And as soon as you drill
the well, they come in,
put a meter on it,
and you're going
to pay the state for the
water that you pump out
of the ground on
your own property.
>>That's amazing.
>>I mean, so the question really
is, taking one step back, why?
I mean, does a guy
wake up-- I mean,
Hitler thought he was doing the
world a favor when he woke up.
I mean, all the bad guys think
they're doing good things.
Otherwise, they
wouldn't do them.
Gee, I just made 30 million
people's lives miserable today,
and we killed another 100,000.
How about that?
That was a great day.
It's like, whoa.
Wait a minute.
Where are these guys
getting their vigors?
Nobody does anything unless
there's a payoff for them
somewhere.
What's the payoff for
making the world miserable?
Because power, having somebody
under your thumb, what do you
do with that?
I mean, if they've already
got control the world, OK.
So what?
Where's the payoff
for them in that?
>>That's a very
important question.
And I think unfortunately,
the answer that question
gets quite dark and sinister.
[LAUGHTER]
And I think we've done enough
dark and sinister stuff here
already.
I think we should deal
with the solutions.
And in fact, the solutions
we're dealing with
will also resolve all that
darkness and cynicism.
But I think just
to really answer
that briefly, I think
the global elite clearly
seem to be under a high
authority, some sort of higher
control.
And unfortunately, when
you start looking at that,
you have to come to
terms with the fact
that that higher control
may not be of this Earth,
and that there's stuff going on
that is way beyond this planet,
and stuff going on
that many people
are very uncomfortable with,
and is not of this Earth.
Otherwise, it doesn't
make any sense.
And really, you start
to wonder, as you said,
why are they doing that?
To control the planet as a
playground for themselves?
OK.
And then what?
So it's a very important
question to deal with,
but I think let's
leave it at that.
Let's rather focus
on the solutions.
Because I know when we
get to the solution,
you'll see how those solutions
will deal with that question
as well.
Because what that does, what our
solutions, our new alternative,
our new direction
and our new reality
provides the opportunity
and a breeding
ground for new innovations,
new inventions, new technology,
a new united world of
conscious individuals
that work together in harmony,
that exist together in harmony,
in higher consciousness.
And that brings
with it technology
that also becomes-- as
terrible as it sounds--
becomes a defense mechanism.
The technology that we have
available to us by freeing up
our inventors becomes
our defense mechanism
at the same time against
anything or anyone
out there, as draconian
as they think they may be.
So I'd like to thank
you for participating
in another hour
of this workshop.
Thanks very much.
And we'll continue with
answering the 13 frequently
asked questions in
the next episode.
Thank you very much
for being here.
I'm Michael Tellinger,
and thanks for watching.
[APPLAUSE]